So we had the signing form and now we want to have the head there for this up.
So let's go to bootstrap again, go to examples and let's select Heather here.
I will inspect.
The Black Heather here and the old copy the is the email directly all copied.
I'll go to update view and the old piece to this header on top here.
And it will look like this older move bootstrap.
No, because we don't need it anymore.
Let's make some changes here.
The first change that I will make is not in the in the email here.
Actually, I will create a new component.
A view component, I'll call it now in the here.
I will cut this estimate and I will move it to the NAV component and this component will be added here
instead of adding a lot of each the MLA.
So now like this.
Also, don't forget to import that component.
I'll cut this code old movie here.
And the first thing that we need is to import the component from this symbol stands for the source folder.
Slash components less now and we need to use it here in the components.
When we export this, we can use a component like this and we can see our up is working the same.
Now let's go to the nav component.
Let's remove what we don't need.
We don't need this bootstrap building here, and I'll remove all the, uh, list items here except for
the features and the features.
Older name it to home.
So that's it.
We have the home component which we will create later.
I will remove the form and we have login sign up or rename thing with the register and I'll put the
same classes because I don't like the button with that color.
And that should be it.
So we had the header and now let's order the home and the register component or not add them.
Here are all added interviews.
So let's add the first.
We will add the the login view and here for the template, I'll cut the code for this form.
And I'll put it here.
And if I add the log in here.
It will work the same so we can see the log in form here.
But still we need to add more components like the register component, etc. and we don't need to change
every time the component here manually.
So instead we will use URL to view.
So this will remove the log in component.
Now this will render components based on the path in the URL here on top.
And for that, we need to add also that component in there, out there.
So here, let's get the component.
We need the path which will be slash logging and for the component, we need the logging component.
So let me import the logging component in import logging from it stands for the source folder components
slash not component sorry views logging that view and that's it.
So I added this component and now it's not appearing.
But if we go to slash logging, we can see that component here.
Let's do the same note for the register.
So I'll copy this.
Log into the view all pasted here and all the names to register.
The register form will be almost the same.
But we need more fields.
So old copy this in the PC two times older.
Remove this ID here.
And the type email.
This will be the first name.
First name.
Same for this type email here.
And this is the last name.
Well then move this also and I'll do the same with the email or remove this and this.
And for the buzzard I'll do the same.
We need another password.
Confusion field.
Although remove this.
And this part.
Same for the password confusion.
And this is password confusion.
But to confirm.
Now let's call it also in the rotor, so I'll duplicate this.
The path this time is register and the component will be registered.
Register here that view and register here.
And if we go now to slash register, we will see the form.
Now let's also make these links work so we can go to the right component.
Four, go to the nav component and I'll change these buttons to a router link and this will link to
slash login.
Same for the register button.
So I wrote the link to.
Register like this.
And if we click log in, we'll go to a logging component and if we click the register, we will go to
the register component.
So we are working fine.
Now let's add the last component, which is the home component.
Here I will add a div with a class of container margin top five in the text center and inside all will
the needs three and inside all three just hello for the moment old remove this and the left side it
also to the outer.
All this.
And this is the home birth and the component will be home.
And this is home as well and that's it.
We need also to add the rotary link here.
So I'll remove this and this is rotary link to just slash and let's do it now on the browser.
When we click home, we will see.
Hello here.
So that's it.
We added the navigation and now in the next tutorial let's try to register and I will change this to
just register.
And this is submit.
So let's try to register in the next tutorial.